!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.9~svn20110310	//
BlockchainBroadcastReceiver	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private final class BlockchainBroadcastReceiver extends BroadcastReceiver$/;"	c	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
ExchangeRatesAdapter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^		private ExchangeRatesAdapter(final Context context)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment.ExchangeRatesAdapter	file:
ExchangeRatesAdapter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private final class ExchangeRatesAdapter extends ResourceCursorAdapter$/;"	c	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
ExchangeRatesFragment	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^public final class ExchangeRatesFragment extends SherlockListFragment implements OnSharedPreferenceChangeListener$/;"	c	language:Java
ID_BALANCE_LOADER	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private static final int ID_BALANCE_LOADER = 0;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
ID_RATE_LOADER	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private static final int ID_RATE_LOADER = 1;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
REQUEST_CODE_SCAN	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private static final int REQUEST_CODE_SCAN = 0;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
SendingAddressesFragment	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^public final class SendingAddressesFragment extends SherlockListFragment implements LoaderManager.LoaderCallbacks<Cursor>$/;"	c	language:Java
activity	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private AbstractWalletActivity activity;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
activity	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private AbstractWalletActivity activity;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
adapter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private ExchangeRatesAdapter adapter;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
adapter	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private SimpleCursorAdapter adapter;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
application	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private WalletApplication application;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
balance	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private BigInteger balance = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
balanceLoaderCallbacks	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private final LoaderCallbacks<BigInteger> balanceLoaderCallbacks = new LoaderManager.LoaderCallbacks<BigInteger>()$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
bindView	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^		public void bindView(final View view, final Context context, final Cursor cursor)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment.ExchangeRatesAdapter
broadcastReceiver	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private final BlockchainBroadcastReceiver broadcastReceiver = new BlockchainBroadcastReceiver();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
clipboardManager	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private ClipboardManager clipboardManager;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
config	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private Configuration config;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
contentUri	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private Uri contentUri;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
com.matthewmitchell.peercoin_android_wallet.ui	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.peercoin_android_wallet.ui;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.peercoin_android_wallet.ui	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.peercoin_android_wallet.ui;$/;"	p	language:Java
defaultCurrency	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private String defaultCurrency = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
handleCopyToClipboard	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private void handleCopyToClipboard(final String address)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
handlePasteClipboard	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private void handlePasteClipboard()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
handleRemove	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private void handleRemove(final String address)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
handleScan	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private void handleScan()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
handleSend	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private void handleSend(final String address)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
handleShowQr	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private void handleShowQr(final String address)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
handler	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private final Handler handler = new Handler();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
loaderManager	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private LoaderManager loaderManager;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
loaderManager	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private LoaderManager loaderManager;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
onActivityResult	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public void onActivityResult(final int requestCode, final int resultCode, final Intent intent)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
onAttach	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onAttach(final Activity activity)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onAttach	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public void onAttach(final Activity activity)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
onCreate	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onCreate(final Bundle savedInstanceState)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onCreate	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public void onCreate(final Bundle savedInstanceState)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
onCreateLoader	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public Loader<Cursor> onCreateLoader(final int id, final Bundle args)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
onCreateOptionsMenu	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onCreateOptionsMenu(final Menu menu, final MenuInflater inflater)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onCreateOptionsMenu	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public void onCreateOptionsMenu(final Menu menu, final MenuInflater inflater)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
onDestroy	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onDestroy()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onDestroy	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public void onDestroy()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
onListItemClick	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onListItemClick(final ListView l, final View v, final int position, final long id)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onListItemClick	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public void onListItemClick(final ListView l, final View v, final int position, final long id)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
onLoadFinished	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public void onLoadFinished(final Loader<Cursor> loader, final Cursor data)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
onLoaderReset	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public void onLoaderReset(final Loader<Cursor> loader)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
onOptionsItemSelected	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public boolean onOptionsItemSelected(final MenuItem item)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
onPause	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onPause()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onReceive	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^		public void onReceive(final Context context, final Intent intent)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment.BlockchainBroadcastReceiver
onResume	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onResume()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onSharedPreferenceChanged	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onSharedPreferenceChanged(final SharedPreferences sharedPreferences, final String key)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onViewCreated	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	public void onViewCreated(final View view, final Bundle savedInstanceState)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment
onViewCreated	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public void onViewCreated(View view, Bundle savedInstanceState)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
query	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private String query = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
rateBase	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^		private BigInteger rateBase = GenericUtils.ONE_RBT;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment.ExchangeRatesAdapter	file:
rateLoaderCallbacks	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private final LoaderCallbacks<Cursor> rateLoaderCallbacks = new LoaderManager.LoaderCallbacks<Cursor>()$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
replaying	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private boolean replaying = false;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
setRateBase	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^		public void setRateBase(final BigInteger rateBase)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment.ExchangeRatesAdapter
setWalletAddresses	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	public void setWalletAddresses(@Nonnull final ArrayList<Address> addresses)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment
updateEmptyText	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private void updateEmptyText()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
updateView	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private void updateView()$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
wallet	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/ExchangeRatesFragment.java	/^	private Wallet wallet;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ExchangeRatesFragment	file:
walletAddressesSelection	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/ui/SendingAddressesFragment.java	/^	private String walletAddressesSelection;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:SendingAddressesFragment	file:
