!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.9~svn20110310	//
BOLD_SPAN	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/MonetarySpannable.java	/^	public static final Object BOLD_SPAN = new StyleSpan(Typeface.BOLD);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetarySpannable
Formats	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/Formats.java	/^public final class Formats$/;"	c	language:Java
GenericUtils	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^public class GenericUtils$/;"	c	language:Java
GenericUtils	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^public class GenericUtils$/;"	c	language:Java
MonetarySpannable	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/MonetarySpannable.java	/^	public MonetarySpannable(final MonetaryFormat format, @Nullable final Monetary monetary)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetarySpannable
MonetarySpannable	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/MonetarySpannable.java	/^	public MonetarySpannable(final MonetaryFormat format, final boolean signed, @Nullable final Monetary monetary)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetarySpannable
MonetarySpannable	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/MonetarySpannable.java	/^public final class MonetarySpannable extends SpannableString$/;"	c	language:Java
ONE_MPPC	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	public static final BigInteger ONE_MPPC = new BigInteger("1000", 10);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:GenericUtils
ONE_MPPC_INT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	private static final int ONE_MPPC_INT = ONE_MPPC.intValue();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:GenericUtils	file:
ONE_MRBT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	public static final BigInteger ONE_MRBT = new BigInteger("1000", 10);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:GenericUtils
ONE_MRBT_INT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	private static final int ONE_MRBT_INT = ONE_MRBT.intValue();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:GenericUtils	file:
ONE_PPC	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	public static final BigInteger ONE_PPC = new BigInteger("1000000", 10);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:GenericUtils
ONE_PPC_INT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	private static final int ONE_PPC_INT = ONE_PPC.intValue();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:GenericUtils	file:
ONE_RBT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	public static final BigInteger ONE_RBT = new BigInteger("1000000", 10);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:GenericUtils
ONE_RBT_INT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	private static final int ONE_RBT_INT = ONE_RBT.intValue();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:GenericUtils	file:
ONE_UPPC	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	public static final BigInteger ONE_UPPC = new BigInteger("1", 10);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:GenericUtils
ONE_UPPC_INT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	private static final int ONE_UPPC_INT = ONE_UPPC.intValue();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:GenericUtils	file:
ONE_URBT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	public static final BigInteger ONE_URBT = new BigInteger("1", 10);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:GenericUtils
ONE_URBT_INT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	private static final int ONE_URBT_INT = ONE_URBT.intValue();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:GenericUtils	file:
PATTERN_GROUP_INSIGNIFICANT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/Formats.java	/^	public static int PATTERN_GROUP_INSIGNIFICANT = 3; \/\/ optional$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Formats
PATTERN_GROUP_PREFIX	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/Formats.java	/^	public static int PATTERN_GROUP_PREFIX = 1; \/\/ optional$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Formats
PATTERN_GROUP_SIGNIFICANT	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/Formats.java	/^	public static int PATTERN_GROUP_SIGNIFICANT = 2; \/\/ mandatory$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Formats
PATTERN_MONETARY_SPANNABLE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/Formats.java	/^	public static final Pattern PATTERN_MONETARY_SPANNABLE = Pattern.compile("(?:([\\\\p{Alpha}\\\\p{Sc}]++)\\\\s?+)?" \/\/ prefix$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Formats
PATTERN_OUTER_HTML_PARAGRAPH	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/Formats.java	/^	private static final Pattern PATTERN_OUTER_HTML_PARAGRAPH = Pattern.compile("<p[^>]*>(.*)<\/p>\\n?", Pattern.CASE_INSENSITIVE | Pattern.DOTALL);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Formats	file:
SMALLER_SPAN	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/MonetarySpannable.java	/^	public static final RelativeSizeSpan SMALLER_SPAN = new RelativeSizeSpan(0.85f);$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MonetarySpannable
applyMarkup	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/MonetarySpannable.java	/^	public MonetarySpannable applyMarkup(@Nullable final Object prefixSpan1, @Nullable final Object prefixSpan2,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetarySpannable
applyMarkup	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/MonetarySpannable.java	/^	public static void applyMarkup(@Nonnull final Spannable spannable, @Nullable final Object prefixSpan1, @Nullable final Object prefixSpan2,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetarySpannable
com.matthewmitchell.peercoin_android_wallet.util	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.peercoin_android_wallet.util;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.peercoin_android_wallet.util	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/MonetarySpannable.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.peercoin_android_wallet.util;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.peercoin_android_wallet.util	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.peercoin_android_wallet.util;$/;"	p	language:Java
currencySymbol	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	public static String currencySymbol(@Nonnull final String currencyCode)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:GenericUtils
currencySymbol	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	public static String currencySymbol(@Nonnull final String currencyCode)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:GenericUtils
com.matthewmitchell.peercoin_android_wallet.util	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/Formats.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.peercoin_android_wallet.util;$/;"	p	language:Java
format	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/MonetarySpannable.java	/^	private static CharSequence format(final MonetaryFormat format, final boolean signed, final Monetary monetary)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MonetarySpannable	file:
formatDebugValue	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	public static String formatDebugValue(@Nonnull final BigInteger value)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:GenericUtils
formatDebugValue	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	public static String formatDebugValue(@Nonnull final BigInteger value)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:GenericUtils
formatValue	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	public static String formatValue(@Nonnull final BigInteger value, @Nonnull final String plusSign, @Nonnull final String minusSign,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:GenericUtils
formatValue	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	public static String formatValue(@Nonnull final BigInteger value, final int precision, final int shift)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:GenericUtils
formatValue	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	public static String formatValue(@Nonnull final BigInteger value, @Nonnull final String plusSign, @Nonnull final String minusSign,$/;"	m	language:Java	class:GenericUtils
formatValue	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	public static String formatValue(@Nonnull final BigInteger value, final int precision, final int shift)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:GenericUtils
maybeRemoveOuterHtmlParagraph	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/Formats.java	/^	public static String maybeRemoveOuterHtmlParagraph(final String html)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Formats
parseCoin	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	public static BigInteger parseCoin(final String str, final int shift) throws ArithmeticException$/;"	m	language:Java	class:GenericUtils
parseCoin	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	public static BigInteger parseCoin(final String str, final int shift) throws ArithmeticException$/;"	m	language:Java	class:GenericUtils
setNextFocusForwardId	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	public static void setNextFocusForwardId(final View view, final int nextFocusForwardId)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:GenericUtils
setNextFocusForwardId	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	public static void setNextFocusForwardId(final View view, final int nextFocusForwardId)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:GenericUtils
startsWithIgnoreCase	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/com/matthewmitchell/peercoin_android_wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	public static boolean startsWithIgnoreCase(final String string, final String prefix)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:GenericUtils
startsWithIgnoreCase	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/peercoin-android-wallet/wallet/src/de/schildbach/wallet/util/GenericUtils.java	/^	public static boolean startsWithIgnoreCase(final String string, final String prefix)$/;"	m	language:Java	class:GenericUtils
